Docs Improvement (#600)
test-network-function/cnf-certification-test: docs/exception.md

# Exception Process

> There may exist some test cases which needs to fail always. The exception raised by the failed tests is published to RH website for that partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may exist some test cases which needs to fail always. The exception raised by the failed tests is published to Red Hat website for that partner.
```
